improved ``accelerator`` term (#509)
alpaka-group/alpaka3: docs/source/basic/terms.rst

.. [#f2] In theory, all C++ functionality can be used but in practice there are limitations from the SDKs used by the backends. For example, the CUDA SDK does not support C++20 modules (valid for CUDA 13.x and before).

.. _accelerator:

Accelerator
```````````

The ``accelerator`` is a virtual processor that is mapped to a hardware processor.
Therefore, the term ``accelerator`` is used as an abstraction layer (virtual processor) and serves to define which code is offloaded to a physical processor.

> The *onAcc* namespace contains the actual algorithms that are executed on the ``accelerator``, like a CPU or GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **onAcc** namespace contains the actual algorithms that are executed within a kernel on the ``accelerator``, such as a CPU or GPU.
```

The ``accelerator`` does not represent a specific processor in the system. It represents a category of processors.
For example, if we have a system with two Intel Xeon CPUs and four AMD Instinct GPUs, an ``accelerator`` can be an Intel Xeon CPU or an AMD Instinct GPU. A specific processor is a :ref:`Device`.

> The example system has 2 CPU :ref:`Devices <Device>` and 4 GPU :ref:`Devices <Device>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

It is repeating the last sentence but without saying anything about the device names.

Reviewer: Maybe if you want to repeat what alpaka is seeing:

```
Therefore *alpaka* has access to the ``deviceKind::cpu`` and four devices of ``deviceKind::amdGpu``.
```

I would not go into detail on why you do not see two CPUs, and that you could use `hwloc` to access both CPUs. This would make everything too complicated at this point because this is too detailed information.
The default case is that you would use the device kind `cpu` where you see the host CPUs as a single device.

Author: I would not talk about Numa here. I overworked the example. I understand why it looks redundant.

Reviewer: Exactly, I would also avoid NUMA at this point.

Author: Is the example now useful? I would avoid `deviceKind` for the explanation here, because it is introduced later.

> Therefore, the host selects a :ref:`Device`, but the actual algorithm is written for an ``accelerator``, since it can run on different :ref:`Devices <Device>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host selects a :ref:`Device`, but the kernel is written for an abstract ``accelerator``, since it can be executed on different :ref:`Devices <Device>`.
```
